Goals for website:

1.  Help me connect with a wide range of social justice/progressive oriented people who may be interested in my work, and the upcoming book. 

I will be using the website in lots of promotional materials for the book as well as in the book itself.  The website will become the primary place people, who don't know me, will go to get more info and/or to reach me.     

2.  Help me line up political education workshops and talks with groups and communities around the country.

I am planning to use the book and the promotion of the book to help kick start my political education work.  This will be fee-for-service workshops, talks, at conferences and with organizations, so it'll be important that the website provides people with the information they need to make a decision about using my services, as well as how to set it.

3.  Help give me legitimacy with people who aren't familiar with me. 

For example, give people information on groups I've worked with in the past, displaying testimonials from organizers and authors.  And really, just having a nice looking website goes a long way helping people get a feel for you and showing you have your act together.

4.  Beyond legitimacy, I would like the website to help get people excited about the book, the work I do, and the vision/politics that I'm operating from. 

I think that having a visually attractive website, with good images, and with easy navigation to the information people are looking for, we can accomplish this.  

5.  Help me promote and sell the book.

I would like the website to both clearly communicate that I provide political education and organizational development services, and that I have a new book out that people can purchase through the website.  So I don't want it to look like it's just a book promo website, but I do want the book to be prominent.  I think the book will be a good hook to get people interested in the other work that I do.

6.  Help communicate to people that my work is rooted in being part of a larger movement. 

I think this will best be done through the written information on the site, but I also think images will help - pictures of workshops with organizations and at activist conferences.
 
7.  Be designed in a way that will be easy for me to update and change. 

It'll be important for me to know how to edit text as things change, and add new information.

8.  Help build the movement through the resources communities, groups and individuals can access through the website (the book, the workshops/political education, essays and articles).

Let me know if you have feedback, thoughts, questions on this.  I did a lot of work - not on the design/layout end - of the Catalyst Project website, but other then that, I am very open to ideas and thoughts you have on how to make this an awesome website.

Also, I was thinking it would be cool to have something on the site that says designed by you, and that there could be a page people could click to that has info about who you are, why you helped make this website, and then potentially a way for people to contact you, if you'd like.  Would love to give you credit for your work, and it's nice to make visible the community of people supporting the book and this work.  Let me know what you think.

Here are a few websites to give you a sense of what I'm going for.

1.  http://www.paulkivel.com.  This one is awesome, but it has way more resources on it that my website will have, as Paul Kivel has both been doing this a lot longer, and he is also great at making tons of easily downloadable resources.  One day I would like to have as many resources available.  That said, here are some of the reasons I like it.  It's visually engaging.  It clearly communicates that he is both an author with books to promote and that he is a political educator with hella experience who can work with your group.  It's easy to navigate.

I also like the section About Paul.  I would like to provide similar information - have a vision statement, what I offer, my resume.  I would like to have another section on political education that does into the different workshops I provide and examples of talks I have given.  I would also like to have a section of testimonials from people about my work and about the book - as well as have some of these testimonials in other places we well - connected to the section on workshops and the section on the book.

2.  http://www.deannazandt.com

What I like about this - it's really clean looking.  It doesn't have a ton of stuff all over the place, it's focused.  It is easy to navigate and really helps promote what she is about and her book.  She provides great info on her work with orgs, what she does, and why she's good at what she doe  

3.  http://www.arielluckey.com

This is another website I like.  I'm not as into the aesthetic, but I like the information that it provides.  It really provides good info on setting up an event with him, background info, a press kit, booking information.  This site is less an example of look and feel, but more content and overall package. 
