“Many call for a revitalized Left to challenge the neoliberal war on the 99%, but few explain what that might look like.  Chris Crass not only shows us what an energized radical movement looks like, he demonstrates that it is already here—in anti-racist movements, in women-of-color feminism, in queer politics, in anti-imperialist and anti-war movements, and in a movement-based anarchism grounded in the struggles of ordinary people to collectively resist oppression and dispossession while building liberatory, democratic communities of resistance.  Crass understands all of these movements as a source of strength and solidarity, not diversions from the class struggle.  Toward Collective Liberation ought to be essential reading for anyone who believes a different Revolution is possible.”
 Robin D. G. Kelley, author of Freedom Dreams: The Black Radical Imagination

"With compelling honesty Chris Crass shares his journey toward understanding his own privilege in order to become a more effective ally in struggles for justice.  Towards Collective Liberation provides inspiration and practical guidance for working across differences of race, class, sexuality, and gender.  It is a thoughtful and engaging handbook for our times."
 Barbara Smith, author of The Truth That Never Hurts: Writings on Race, Gender, and Freedom, founding member of the Combahee River Collective, and editor of Home Girls: A Black Feminist Anthology

"Towards Collective Liberation"  is an important contribution to the history of social movement in the US. It a powerful, beautifully written account of twenty years of political organizing in the anarchist movement, by a young man whose entire life has been dedicated to the struggle for social justice. The book is a careful analysis of the origins, strategies and debates within movements like Food Not Bombs, the Rural Organizing Project, the Catalyst Project, showing that “anarchist organizing” is not an oxymoron. Most impressive is Crass’s commitment to confront the sexism and racism within the movement and willingness to scrutinize his own life in this perspective. For anyone interested in learning about the soil from which the Global Justice and Occupy Movements have sprouted from, this is an essential read.
Silvia Federici, author of Caliban and the Witch: Women, The Body, and Primitive Accumulation 

“Chris Crass goes into the grassroots to produce a political vision that will catalyze political change. Drawing from the history of the anarchist tradition, Crass offers lessons and inspiration for a revitalized fully human left, alert to the distinctions between people and the social hierarchies that smother the full liberation of our humanity unmarked. These are words from the heart, overflowing onto the streets.”
-Vijay Prashad, author of Darker Nations: A People’s History of the Third World and Karma of Brown Folks
